(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(The Year 2017)
(Yerim Pediatric Center, Doctor Park Hyun Seok)
Ms. Kim.
What brings you here all of a sudden?
I don't see Nurse Kim around.
Honey.
What brings you here all of a sudden?
Hello, Ms. Kim.
You may leave.
Oh, right.
Can you bring some hydrangea tea, my wife's favourite?
Of course.
I'm so glad you're here.
I've had such a tough day.
We must've communicated telepathically.
What?
Oh, really?
Of course.
I was having such a tough day that I really wanted to see you.
How did you know?
I'm glad I'm here.
I missed you so much, honey.
You should stay longer.
No, get back to work.
Okay, then. Bye.
- When you want to fool someone, - Goodbye.
Once you feel confident that the person is completely fooled,
it is most likely...
that the person is deeply in love with you.
Can you bring some hydrangea tea, my wife's favourite?
Of course.
I missed you so much, honey.
They didn't get fooled because they couldn't see the truth,
it might be that...
they refused to see it because they're in love with you.
(Episode 7, Honesty Lies Between the Truth and Lies)
(Seoul, 1999)
♪ What's at the end of this world? ♪
♪ I will fly higher ♪
♪ Nobody can live my life for me ♪
Then which one of them will you take with you?
I'll see.
Darn it, we might grow fond of each other.
Why do I bump into him so often?
Gosh, my blood pressure is going up.
What are you staring at, you idiot?
What are you doing?
What?
Who are you to open the door without knocking?
Who are you?
Me?
I'm her...
friend.
Yes, we're friends.
Who are you?
You aren't my friend.
Move aside.
I have to get changed.
What?
You have to get changed?
Right here? With him?
Are you insane?
What on earth is on your mind?
Nam Gil, you should step outside too.
You're both distracting me.
She's gone insane. She's completely crazy.
Does she really think she's still 20 or something?
Hey.
Hey?
Did you just say, "Hey" to me?
Jin Joo, you heard him.
This little kid whose dog tag is still shiny...
just said,
"Hey" to me. "Hey."
Wow, Ban Do, you really learned to control your temper.
Aren't you a freshman?
Did it take you five tries to get into college?
That's not the case.
But...
I pooped at least 10 million times more than you did.
You're gross.
Goodness.
Forget about him, and take this.
Put it back in your car so that your sister doesn't notice.
The price tags were still on them too.
He doesn't have a sister.
Hey.
What kind of a brother carries his sister's clothes in his car?
He bought it to give it to a girl.
You're right.
I bought it for you.
What?
Me?
Yes.
I hope you like it. Bye.
What was that face?
Did he just laugh at me?
That little idiot...
- Hey. - What?
You're much smaller than he is.
Don't you look in a mirror?
Fine.
You must be really happy to begin a new life with...
such a tall and handsome guy.
Hey...
Hey, little one.
Why do you still cry even as you eat expensive food?
I got you the most expensive one.
You have to stop crying now.
Darn it, Choi Ban Do. That jerk. That horrible jerk.
Choi Ban Do. That jerk. That horrible jerk.
I'll do away with him!
She does have a bad drinking habit.
She talks behind people's back.
Sul, you should stop.
Bo Reum.
I can't stop myself from drinking.
Why?
Because I feel...
so bad for Jin Joo.
You have great taste.
Oh, this?
You know your fashion.
This is leather from Italy.
There are only a few of these in Korea.
Most women never notice.
I'm not most women.
I probably know more things about male fashion than you.
Oh, so you are keen about that. You must date a lot of men.
You're pretty rich, aren't you?
Can you tell?
I try to hide that I'm rich,
but does it show?
Goodness, I knew I shouldn't have complimented you.
What is this?
Where is it?
My food... Where's my food?
Everything is in your stomach.
Did... Did I eat it all?
Really?
Goodness.
Anyway, did Jae Woo run away? Where on earth is he?
Why are you going out with Jae Woo?
Because he's easy.
Jae Woo is easy.
Are you crying because of love?
It's a solution for you who's crying and laughing over love.
"He's not that into you." He is...
here to solve your problems.
He's the leader of Bruce.
Lee Sang Min is here today. Hello.
Hello, nice to meet you. I'm Lee Sang Min.
- It's mid-May. - Yes.
But you're wearing a fur coat.
It's because I follow the East Coast fashion.
- Where? - The east side.
East side, I see.
It looks really warm.
Love makes you worry whether you're in love or not.
Let's see who is calling in today.
Hello?
Hi. I'm Tinkerbell from Seoul.
You're a fairy. Hello, Tinkerbell.
Please tell us your problem.
The person that I'm dating right now...
loves physical affection.
Whenever we meet,
they kiss me,
touch me,
and kiss me again.
Sometimes I wonder if that's why they're dating me.
You kiss someone when you like the person.
But does your partner touch a certain body part?
That's very important.
They usually touches my butt.
Your butt?
That's quite serious.
They touch your butt.
Why don't you have a talk with your partner?
I'm sure this person's not dating you for that reason.
I already asked.
My partner said that they're dating me because I'm easy.
- Gosh. - How can one say that to your face?
Well, they didn't say it to my face.
So to summarize, your partner...
touches your butt every day.
And the reason they're dating you is because you're easy. Right?
Yes.
This is really serious.
I think you should break up right away.
Well... I... I don't think that's right.
The world is a dangerous place. He's a bad guy.
How can he say you're easy?
He's so backward.
You might think he's charming now,
but it's going to cause a bigger heartache later on.
Yes.
Does he like to drink?
How did you know?
They're like that. People like that...
I mean...
They love women and stuff.
He's right. He's probably seeing multiple women.
Tinkerbell, you might be one of them.
No way.
I'm an expert in that area.
Just trust me, and break up with him.
Good luck, Ms. Tinkerbell.
What?
I'm a man.
Hello?
How can a person say such a thing so blatantly?
Gosh.
Hwi Jae, you should worry about yourself.
At this rate, you'll end up alone.
You should get married and have kids already.
You aren't Superman, you know.
I bet I'll get married before you do.
- Before I do? - Of course.
- Do you want to bet? - Sure!
But if you get a divorce, that doesn't count.
- I think it should count. - Why?
You never know what will happen after getting married.
The start is important.
Conclusion isn't important.
You say it like you're already divorced.
All right. Anyway, Tinkerbell...
shouldn't date someone like that.
(My favourite)
Hi.
Next week?
Okay. Let's meet up.
Hi, I'm Park Hyun Seok. We met at the night club.
Do you have time today?
(Park Hyun Seok)
See you again.
You must be excited...
that a guy gave you a number,
but that jerk, Doctor Park, is just toying with you.
She's mine.
Don't lay your eyes on her.
I'll give her to you when I get bored with her.
Just wait.
Other people enter competition maybe once a year.
But I already did three this year, Mom.
I can have a slump too.
How can I only think about ballet without any break?
This is hard for me too!
Gosh.
Life is hard...
for both kids and adults.
Isn't it?
Did you hear?
Just run away.
"I'll be gone with the wind."
Run away from home. What do you think?
What? I'm not in high school.
Why would I run away like a kid?
You are a kid.
You're at an age to hit a growth spurt.
Goodness.
Now you're smiling.
I said it to make you laugh.
All right.
Thanks for making me laugh.
Excuse me for a second.
Hello?
Where are you?
Jin Joo?
Who is this Park Hyun Seok?
Did he do something to you?
Where are you?
Stay there. I'll be right over.
Something urgent came up.
I have to go.
What? Okay.
Where are you?
Are you really not going?
- What? - "Medical Student's Night".
That's when people introduce their girlfriends.
You never attend it.
I should study.
I don't care about showing off.
I want to graduate quickly...
and stand before your family.
How can I take you there?
Don't you look at yourself in the mirror?
Don't worry about my family.
What matters is that I like you.
My dad doesn't need a son-in-law that's a doctor.
I need your dad.
I'll ask Dad to buy me another car.
Because...
it's hard for you to commute without a car.
Don't do that.
I already feel bad that you're paying my rent.
I can't date you if you keep doing that.
I'm not dating you for a car.
A car isn't enough.
You're too nice.
That scumbag.
So he seduced and married a rich girl,
got a hospital,
and then he slept around...
and cheated on her?
Slept around...
Hey, watch your language.
I didn't say anything wrong.
Anyway, his wife is now his girlfriend.
Then why did he approach me?
I'll give her to you when I get bored with her.
Just wait.
Am I the second girlfriend?
Did you think you were the first then?
I'm sure he hit on a ton of girls.
That's why I told you not to get involved with him.
How do you know him so well?
You were just a salesperson, and he was just a doctor.
What? Well... You know...
Were you...
his underling?
Underling?
That's harsh. Underling?
Sales is like that.
You help your client...
and take care of his mistress...
You've done too much.
Too much.
Have you eaten?
- No. - You haven't eaten anything yet?
I was busy.
Yes, sir.
Tomorrow morning? Three boxes?
Yes, sir. Good night!
What?
How much did I drink last night?
That punk.
Hey.
Hey. You...
left me with those two scary women...
and ran away.
Get up!
Face me.
What the!
Is he a Jiangshi or something?
Snacks.
I'll cut it up and eat it.
This beef jerky just won't do.
Chun Sul!
What is this? Is this a glove?
Oh, my. Who did this?
Who?
Don't you remember?
She says she doesn't remember.
Where should I go to complain about this now?
Gosh, yesterday...
Yes, you were drunk yesterday, and you...
Sul,
I'm not here to blame you.
But whenever you drink, you...
Yes, you must have a drinking habit.
I heard you can fix that.
Good luck.
What? Where are you going? Hey!
Hey! Hey!
You did this when you were drunk!
She knows. She definitely knows.
She knows, but she's acting again.
I'm the fool for falling for it.
(Women's Dormitory)
Gosh, you're out of your mind.
It must be really expensive.
I'm sorry, Go Dok Jae.
I'll repay you later.
You're going to get...
revenge on him?
Is it because of me?
You don't need to.
I had my revenge on him already.
And I may have taken revenge...
for you too.
What did you do?
Gosh, I'm sorry.
You can have this.
Oh, my.
I thought you were my friend.
That's so like you.
These are so petty.
You should get a proper revenge.
You can just try not to get involved with him. You don't need to help.
And...
every minute here as youth is so precious to me.
We don't have time to waste on him.
Don't you even feel angry?
Don't you feel bad after how he treated you?
Why are you acting like this?
Are you doing this...
because you're upset at how he treated me over the years?
Am I right?
That's why you want to get revenge, right?
That's not the only reason.
He's been using women for their money.
He has also cheated and hurt women.
And...
he treated me like a mistress.
I need to pay him back.
All right. What do you want to do?
You always teased me about watching trashy dramas, right?
I'll show you what that's like in real life.
Yes, see you this afternoon.
If I want to take him down,
I need to get close to him.
You have something to do for me.
Let's just not get involved with him.
Okay?
What should I do?
I can't get close to him empty-handed.
I need to bring him something that he might like.
Something he might like?
He likes money.
Where are you taking me? Gosh, you're bothering me.
- Did you hear the rumor? - What rumor?
I heard that the granddaughter of Samsong Group goes to our school.
Samsong Group?
Don't lie to me. Why would she come here?
It's true.
I heard that she comes to school secretly so that she can learn...
management for the company.
Who is she? Do you know her?
I heard from the student council that it's...
Ma Jin Joo from history major.
Ma Jin Joo in history major that I know?
- Be quiet. - All right.
Good job. He bought it.
I'm going to get close to him now.
I'm sorry I was late.
You should have ordered first.
No, it's all right.
I'll take your orders.
I'd like a cool lemonade.
I'd like an espresso.
It must taste bitter.
I travel abroad a lot, so I've had this several times.
You must travel abroad often.
When I graduate,
I'm going to travel abroad often.
You'd go out to cheat, you scum.
I wanted to call you sooner and meet,
but I'm in medical school, which means I have a lot of assignments.
If you're in medical school,
don't you have the "Medical Student's Night?"
Yes. How do you know about it?
My friend's boyfriend is a medical student, and she was invited.
She's been boasting nonstop.
Do you want to go...
with me?
Really?
No, it's fine.
You have a girlfriend. I can't go there with you.
I heard from friends...
that Kim Ye Rim is your girlfriend.
What? Where did she hear that?
Gosh.
She's not my girlfriend.
We used to date for a while,
but she keeps following me around.
Well, I wouldn't know about that.
Anyhow,
you haven't dealt with her completely.
I couldn't go there with you.
I will finish the relationship soon.
I mean, it's already finished.
Don't worry.
Oh, my. Ma Jin Joo,
you're going to make him dump her rich girlfriend by himself?
He's going to dig his own grave.
What did you just say?
I...
like you a lot.
That's why you're a novice.
He would've spent a lot of effort to get her.
A smart man like him wouldn't just dump her right away.
If someone has done something wrong, they tend to act nicer.
He'll give him presents.
We go for the big one.
Are you going to go with him to the "Medical Student's Night"?
What do you need to look for to find out about an affair?
I know that one. He needs to get caught in the act.
- Excuse me. - Yes?
Have you seen Ahn Jae Woo?
He didn't come here today.
What's going on? He's not even answering my calls.
Did you drop something?
Money?
Do you want me to help you find it?
No.
- Let's go. - Where?
Let's have a drink.
No, I don't feel like drinking. Wait!
Should I ask her directly?
Are you praying or something?
What are you doing with head bowed down?
Something must be bothering you.
Tell me. I'll listen.
I...
Wait.
I need to go to the bathroom.
Just wait here.
All right.
Let's ask her directly.
I won't know if I don't ask her directly.
[VIU Ver] E07 Go Back Couple
"Honesty Lies Between the Truth and Lies"
-= Ruo Xi =-
We're going on a trip next month. You know that, right?
She must be seeing a lot of men.
You could just be one of them.
She saved this man's number...
as number one.
You could just be one of them.
(Calling Number 2)
(Calling Number 3)
(Calling Number 4)
You're just one of them, fool.
I'm sorry.
Hey, what's wrong?
Are you crying?
Hey.
Am I the first to you?
What are you talking about? What's going on?
Is my number saved in the 200th?
What?
Ahn Jae Woo!
Am I a maths question to you?
Why am I easy for you?
I'm...
really complicated!
Right,
let me know if something happens before we go on the trip, my baby.
What?
Did he...
see this?
(Home Pedagogy Lecture Hall)
I'll stick next to him...
and pretend like I'm his girlfriend.
Bring her to the event.
She can only end the relationship...
after she sees his affair with her eyes.
Do you think you're Park Hyun Seok's wind screen?
Why do you keep getting between us?
Move.
Ms. Kim, that really hurts.
Excuse me, Ms. Kim.
Oh, are you Ms. Kim Ye Rim?
Yes?
Hello.
Doctor Park...
Hyun Seok asked me to bring you somewhere.
Oh, really?
Oh, wait.
His phone is broken,
so he asked me to bring you...
to an event called "Medical Student's Night".
Really?
I thought he wasn't going.
He suddenly had to...
because his senior called him.
Let's go.
(The 19th Hankook University Medical Student's Night)
Hello.
It's been a while.
This is a huge event.
All of the professors are here too.
Oh, my.
Are you amazed?
Of course.
This will become your grave tonight.
(The 19th Hankook University Medical Student's Night)
Shall we?
Oh, wait.
I have to talk to you.
Pardon?
Hey, wait.
I hope you don't have a weak heart or any heart conditions.
What?
It's nothing. Let's go.
Should I have gotten some medicine?
Aren't we going inside?
Do you want to go inside?
Pardon?
Of course.
They'll be there soon.
Who are you?
Why do you keep approaching me?
What are you saying?
You called me first.
At first, yes.
By any chance,
do you know the granddaughter of Samsong Group?
I don't think they have a granddaughter.
They only have grandsons.
We went to the same kindergarten, so I know them.
- Oh, really? - Why?
Do you know them?
What?
Oh, no. Just because.
I think someone...
is messing around with me.
Who?
Who would dare to mess around with you?
Samsong Group doesn't have any granddaughters.
Are you a guy?
Should I check?
Samsong Group?
Who said that I was their granddaughter?
Your friend did.
I recently fell into a pool...
because he pushed me.
Come to think about it,
I remembered that...
I talked about you right before.
- What are you two doing? - Hey.
You must be mistaken. That's not me.
Come.
What are you two doing?
How did you know I was dating Kim Ye Rim?
I don't look like the type,
but I beat up women.
- Who are you? - Park Hyun Seok!
You...
- What are you guys doing here? - My goodness.
Do you want me to bring all of his girlfriends there?
Yes, you said he has many women on the side.
To let her walk in on him,
we can't take any chance for him to get out of it.
Hey.
- I don't want to go. - Me either.
- Do you have to go? - Yes.
Okay, then.
- Call me later. - Okay.
Bye.
- Go. - Okay.
That jerk.
You were hiding here.
We've been looking everywhere for you.
Darn it, you little rat.
We need to talk.
What's going on?
- Goodness. - What's he doing?
How dare you run away?
How dare you three-time us...
with that innocent face of yours?
Gosh, medical students must have a lot of time.
How can you date three women at once?
When you were with us, you put on an innocent smile,
but behind our back,
you were seeing other women.
No, it's a misunderstanding.
Oh, a misunderstanding?
All three witnesses are here. Is this a misunderstanding?
- What's wrong? - What's with him?
No, it's not the case.
- No. - Really?
- Why does he do that? - It's a misunderstanding.
- Unbelievable. - What a jerk.
It's not the case!
Why does he live like that?
- What a jerk. - Goodness.
Ye Rim.
- Is this true? - I can't believe him.
He's a jerk.
Nice timing.
(A plan to take out Park Hyun Seok, the rat)
(Rat, Park Hyun Seok, the victim, Kim Ye Rim)
(Victim 1, victim, 2, victim 3)
(Rat catcher, Ma Jin Joo)
(Medical Student's Night)
When I have him...
completely trapped so that he can't run away,
you need to let her see him at the scene.
Wow, that's very detailed.
Did you really plan all this based on the drama you've seen?
Of course, soap operas are not a joke.
It's probably much better than most private detectives.
I agree.
This is wrong. It's a misunderstanding.
Was there another woman?
Were you four-timing us?
You have so many layers. Are you an onion?
No, no. I mean it.
It's not the case.
Don't listen to them. I was only toying with them.
You're the only one for me.
You jerk.
Ye Rim, come on.
Who are you?
Me?
Did you two plan this?
Who are you two?
Me? I'm Ye Rim's boyfriend.
Honey, is this him? The guy you were playing with.
What?
He's nothing much.
Yes.
Hey.
I think you're mistaken.
Don't hang out with people like him.
They're after your money, you fool.
You're rich.
Why would he date you?
That's you.
Listen to yourself.
You are so low.
What?
Darn you.
You.
How dare you touch him?
Oh, goodness.
Stop crying.
Why are you crying?
That jerk was nothing.
Just let her cry.
Yes.
Just cry today, and forget about him.
Without today's incident, you would've married him...
and had a miserable marriage, crying your heart out for life.
And how do I know that?
I've seen it all.
I've lived for some time,
and there are plenty of other fish out there.
A woman has to meet a good man to live well.
Not a successful man.
A good man.
Well,
there are guys like me, who can't be either one.
He's right.
You should cry now and let it go.
I know you probably want to die right now,
but you still have...
much more days to live.
Who are you guys?
I'm your senior.
Oh, you're right.
You're right.
Hey...
You should get some rest.
And don't cry.
Hey.
I already knew he was dating other women.
I didn't know he was dating so many of them though.
I was afraid of breaking up with him,
so I always spent my days crying.
I'm actually relieved...
after what happened today.
Thank you...
for hitting him.
You're home.
I hear you're moving out?
Pardon?
No, I'm not moving out.
No.
The girl who signed the lease called earlier,
and asked for the deposit back.
Didn't you know?
I'll return the key money by the end of the week,
so move out, okay?
Good night.
Wait. Ma'am.
Darn it!
How dare you play me?
My goodness.
- Hey. - Oh, my stomach.
Hey, that's like attempted murder.
Where did you learn that?
Bo Reum.
Yoon Bo Reum's Aerobics?
Did you learn aerobics from her?
To beat me up?
Of course not.
She teaches moves to hit husband.
Kicking...
like this.
You guys are scary women.
I got to use those moves here.
I should give Bo Reum an award.
You don't think he died, do you?
I don't think so,
but he probably almost did.
Hitting that spot is attempted murder.
You old ladies have no fear.
Don't call me an old lady.
Hey.
What happened here?
I must've scraped it when Dr. Park pushed me.
I should kill that little punk.
I told you it was dangerous.
I told you he wouldn't be easy.
Why did you involve yourself and follow him there?
Look at what happened.
This is nothing. I'm not a kid.
Gosh.
Why are you getting irritated? I'm the one who's hurt.
I'm not irritated.
Goodness.
Are you like this to Seo Young?
Just to me, right?
Give me your arm.
Do you feel better?
About what?
Dr. Park.
He made you to look after his mistress.
He must've been mean to you.
Are you an idiot?
You shouldn't have let him walk all over you.
I let him because I needed to make a living.
It's not just me who does that.
You meet all sorts of people when you're doing business.
Hey.
Do you know what I like?
Someone asked me,
but I couldn't give an answer.
Don't I like anything?
Chicken stew.
Chicken stew!
That's right.
I love chicken stew the most.
Tangerine. UFC.
Collecting DVDs.
DVDs. That's right.
I was a movie mania.
Why did you throw all my DVDs out when you knew I loved movies?
What about you?
Did you think I hated jewelries?
Is that why you sold all the wedding presents?
That's because...
we weren't making enough then.
We didn't have much money.
What's so important about liking something?
It's hard just to make a living every day.
You're right.
It's late. Let's go home.
What? Okay.
How can a 20-year-old girl go on a trip with a guy?
She's such a floozy.
That wench.
You're no different.
She has...
one...
2, 3, 4 guys.
Four guys?
Four including you?
Five including me.
Five?
There could be more.
More?
Gosh. That's a skill, isn't it?
And...
She's easy, not me.
You know me.
I've never been in a relationship before.
How can I be easy?
Wait. Easy...
Did you hear us talk?
Yes, I heard it all.
She's dating me because I'm...
Hey, what Bo Reum was talking about was...
Don't say her name!
Don't say I'm easy. Don't say anything!
Why are you mad at me?
I won't say it!
Hope you never know! Until you die!
It's okay as long as you like her.
Those four guys?
You can knock them down.
Hey, just tell them Bo Reum is yours,
and take her away from them.
Just do it.
Wait.
Who's that?
Isn't that 1 of the 4 guys?
That son of...
You should've just called.
Why did you come all the way here?
So...
why are you avoiding me?
You promised that you'd go.
Are you...
dating someone?
No! Gosh.
No, I'm not. Gosh.
Hey.
What? Why are you leaving?
Won't you stay and watch?
It's interesting.
Stop it.
Why?
Take that dirty hand off her!
Hey, Jae Woo!
You idiot.
You can't take him on.
Are you blind?
What's going on?
Who is that?
Who are you?
Don't do it.
Jae Woo.
Go inside! Hurry up!
Hey.
Darn it.
What?
I...
I am...
I am Bo Reum's boyfriend!
What?
Who is?
Is it you?
No. It's him.
It's late.
Are you really going alone?
Well... I have a lot on my mind.
I want to think while I walk.
Who's going to take me?
That's true.
You look like a 20-year-old,
but once they abduct you, they'd be scared to take you.
Gosh.
Go.
Hey, Jin Joo.
I thought you looked nice...
on the May Queen stage.
Come to think of it,
you used to love singing.
I had forgotten about it.
Why are you saying this to me so suddenly?
Well, I...
I said something nice.
You should say something nice too.
You're just changing the subject.
Gosh, I shouldn't have told her that.
I wonder if she got home already.
What is this?
Who is she calling at this hour?
Why won't he answer the phone?
Hello?
Where are you?
You must be out of your mind.
Wait, no.
I'm out of my mind.
What are you doing?
Go away before I scream.
Go on.
Scream all you want.
Scream if you want.
You ruined everything.
Do you know how hard it was...
for me to stay next to that ugly Kim Ye Rim?
I don't know about that,
but I can see how pathetic you are.
Does your mom know what you are really like?
Are you a teacher?
Are you crazy?
My goodness.
I told you...
that I hit women too, right?
I'll beat you up...
and go to prison.
I'll go to prison!
Kim Ye Rim knew that...
Doctor Park was cheating on her.
It was so unexpected.
She must have liked him so much...
to have married him despite him cheating on her.
He just lost a woman like that.
He's so pathetic.
Did we separate them too harshly?
A love that hurts too much isn't love.
Having an affair is not love.
It's just violence.
It's the worst and the most painful violence.
But if she gets used to...
him cheating,
it could get better.
That doesn't make sense.
If a man cheats with a hundred women,
a woman would remember...
all of their names.
It won't get blunt as knives do.
The trust,
affection, and the value I had...
all hit rock bottom.
Gosh, that scum.
Hey.
- What? - You're not talking to me, right?
I...
didn't have an affair then.
Motel.
Hotel.
(Hotel)
How can I go home in this state?
I can't go home today.
Yes?
How can you do this to me?
How can you?
Let's get a divorce.
What?
We're so unhappy.
I'm so unhappy.
Let's get divorced.
Let's get divorced!
Maybe it...
wasn't our love that was over.
We couldn't afford to...
look into our heart that lies somewhere between lies and truths.
(Go Back Couple)
Sul is missing.
Should I report this to the police?
She's acting...
a little strange recently.
Where are you going, Dok Jae?
I'm going to get some money.
You've been holding onto it for 18 years.
You must have been worried about Chun Sul.
You should to find her this time.
You seem like an adult.
You've changed so much in just a few weeks.
I don't want a man that makes my daughter cry.
What do you mean?
Tell me honestly.
Who is Seo Jin?